add debug service changelog entry (#12258)
ydb-platform/ydb: ydb/apps/ydb/CHANGELOG.md

* Fixed a bug in TPC-H tables schema where the `partsupp` table had incorrect list of key columns
* Enhanced parallelism of data restoring in `ydb tools restore`
* Fixed a bug where `ydb tools restore` was failing with `Too much data` if `--upload-batch-bytes` option value was set exactly to it's maximum possible value (16MiB)

> * Added `ydb debug ping` subcommand to use for performance and connectivity debugging

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added `ydb debug ping` command for performance and connectivity debugging
```
